Attempt 1
---------
Q: A right that is guaranteed without exception is called a
A: absolute right

Q: Ethical egoism is
A: based on determining long-term beneficial consequences.

Q: Rules of conduct describing what people ought and ought not to do in various situations are called
A: ethics

Q: A right that another can guarantee by leaving you alone to exercise the right is called a
A: negative right

Q: Utilitarianism does not mean “the greatest good of the greatest number” because
A: it focuses solely on “the greatest good” and pays no attention to how “the good” is distributed.

Q: Objectivism is based on the idea that
A: morality has an existence outside the human mind.

Q: A relativist claims that
A: there are no universal moral principles.

Q: An association of people organized under a system of rules designed to advance the good of its members over time is called a
A: society.

Q: Utilitarianism is an example of
A: a relativistic theory.

Score: 7/9

Attempt 2
---------

Q: A relativist claims that
A: there are no universal moral principles.

Q: Ethics is
A: All of the above

Q: Thomas Hobbes called life without rules and a means of enforcing them
A: the state of nature.

Q: Utilitarianism is an example of
A: a relativistic theory.

Q: Which of the following is an argument in favor of the divine command theory?
A: God is all-knowing.

Q: The Principle of Utility is also called
A: the Greatest Happiness Principle.

Q: The problem of moral luck is raised as a criticism of
A: act utilitarianism.

Q: An association of people organized under a system of rules designed to advance the good of its members over time is called a
A: society.

Q: A right that another can guarantee by leaving you alone to exercise the right is called a
A: negative right.

Score: 8/9
